<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-pancakes">
    <title>Burrito Recipe</title>
    <shortdesc>These burritos make for a quick breakfast you can eat on the go!</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>Materials for this recipe include a measuring cup, a mixing bowl, a skillet, and a
            stovetop. The ingredients are as follows:
            <ul>
                <li audience="armando">1¼ cups of all-purpose flour</li>
                <li audience="mom">1½ cups of all-purpose flour</li>
                <li audience="armando">2 tablespoons of white sugar</li>
                <li audience="armando">2 teaspoons of baking powder</li>
                <li audience="mom">3½ teaspoons of baking powder</li>
                <li audience="armando">½ teaspoon of salt</li>
                <li audience="mom">1 teaspoon of salt</li>
                <li audience="armando">¼ cups of water</li>
                <li audience="armando">1 tablespoon of coconut oil</li>
                <li audience="mom">1 tablespoon of white sugar</li>
                <li audience="mom">1¼ cups of milk</li>
                <li audience="mom">1 egg</li>
                <li audience="mom">3 tablespoons of butter, melted</li>
                <li>maple syrup</li>
            </ul>
        </prereq>
        <context>
            <p>How to make:</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step audience="armando">
                <cmd>Press/drain the tofu overnight to remove water</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pierce sweet potates with fork a few times. Place in microwave on high for 4-6
                    minutes. Remove the skin and put the potatoes in a medium bowl. Mash with a
                    fork, set aside.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>Cook the breakfast sausage according to package directions.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="armando">
                <cmd>Crumble the tofu into a consistency that resembles scrambled eggs.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>In a separate large bowl, add breakfast sausage, black beans, cumin, and chili powder. Stir to combine then set aside.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>In a separate bowl, beat egg whites together. Spray a skillet with cooking spray and place over medium-low heat. Cook egg whites, folding every few minutes until cooked.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>Add breakfast sausage, black beans, cumin, and chili powder into skillet. Cook for 5 minutes. Remove from heat.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="armando">
                <cmd>In a large skillet over medium heat, add black beans, cumin, chili powder, and tofu. Cook for 7 minutes. Remove from heat.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To assemble the breakfast burrito, smear some sweet potato over the area of a tortilla. Add the innerds, then roll up.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
